was it getting better each and
everything ugly mango throughout camp
you know for is everybody freshman owner
sees everybody i see at 12 knots
indicated the ron was a kid to see Tommy
definitely met w goes wrong he could be
a key addition to dissolve in austria
gotta came in highly touted you know you
battled injuries you know kind of like
competition but not like he's that guy
you know he's fast he's strong he's big
and I stuff there is on target we could
use issue really because it has taken on
the seniors to make sure that everything
the way I want to just to just maintain
just to maintain a household stable
enough to maintain just staying focused
and prepared for the season you know his
Maryland's I've had town so I thought
they've got folks what first day of
school you have to see it was easy here
was home one class but I mean was doing
you can make sure Google national for
somebody to work outside workouts
football we're gospel now you have a
balance you know so you sort of see my
scars it was kind of a bounce but I mean
it was just typical dick tickle up oh
he's good yeah me and the chicken he's a
guy that came in and I'm he would thank
you to sophomore ready he's big he's
strong he's fast he's had a great
technique Thank You Vicki addition to
his team the other thing is are you
ready for
sports fans really kind of every action
well I mean that's something that really
can't worry about what you got going to
focus on Miami stay focused and nobody
we gotta be around cause Alvin in terms
of a leader in terms of addressing this
situation with you guys what's been his
message well cause villainous coach goat
I mean first thing you just tell us to
stay focused a fork is it have a perfect
game you know we got a game coming up so
you gotta stay focused do our job worry
about Miami focus on us capitalizing on
opportunities as a head we got to be
Marilyn going to be fun how difficult is
that was the everything around to other
people asking questions family friends
assessment to stay firm that's our job
and the job is doing at least play ball
and go to school that's what you folks
ship yet and I think you go to great job
at it you mentioning focus a lot how
hard is it to stay focused made
everything that's going on oh it's not
hard at all i gotta say it's your job as
a student-athlete your job it to play
ball go to school so long was your focus
is right there everything is fun
everything had himself has this has been
a hard story for you to avoid reading
about we're seeing or hearing about with
the popularity of the team down this
area I really good mean forest camp we
haven't had time for anything it's just
here we've been here from six o'clock in
the morning like ten o'clock at night so
I mean everything just at the hexan we
never really had time to get on internet
or watch TV position to be two job sunny
enough so I mean far as far as anything
on outside worries just that we got
focus on just movies for the team what
what did we seem from steer well I see
different YZ turned up these numbers in
the strong just confidence confidence
confidence and inspection work they put
it no no preparation once your promotion
for fair trade amino opportunities when
chrome so definitely managed to turn a
great job he's focusing more maybe that
do you see more consistency as far as
holding onto passing traffic passes oh
yes was definitely ourselves with
everybody when we force the brush no not
everybody they both the game abilities
to none that's something
bishop in the hot dog for the reason
Camden can be very devastating system